[JTC] Add note on goal_time=0 in docs (#773)
ros-controls/ros2_controllers: joint_trajectory_controller/doc/parameters.rst

constraints.goal_time (double)
  Maximally allowed tolerance for not reaching the end of the trajectory in a predefined time.

>   If set to zero, the controller will wait an indefinite amount of time.

Reviewer: Indefinite or potentially infinite?

Author: both :D

>   If set to zero, the controller will wait an indefinite amount of time.

Author: ```suggestion
  If set to zero, the controller will wait an potentially inifinte amount of time.
```
